[Music]
Alex going to college
he looks pretty sight right I'm so used
to being us three it's gonna be like
[ __ ] done well oh man the mess is going
to be filled with our love
gimme a regular [ __ ] oh yeah get your
get your passport ready cuz we're we're
going to [ __ ] down when I became a dad I
made a choice to support my daughter's
dreams you don't have enough money says
right here we have four hundred and one
thousand dollars no that says you have a
401k account you guys need money I know
how to get let's start an underground
casino I don't like to check this out
look at Alec here she is she's gone to
college if she doesn't go boom yeah
she's a homeless prostitute on the
streets selling her tiny body for money
you want to make money like Vegas you
got a look like Vegas
you got a nail salon massage it you're
never going to believe within this next
room is it a strip club hey hey we're
gonna make crazy and money we got to
invite everybody there's something going
on in this town
your mother and I will be working late a
scannable feel like you're listening
you've been coming home late every night
smelling like smoke and booze honey yeah
I just go to light out check some emails
come in
[Music]
you guys have to shut down the casino
don't we got a problem g8 better send a
message like the Nero casino you think
you can cheat us
I got Lola your luck just ran out man
because me and my friends like a [ __ ]
you up
what are you guys going to do about it
anyway you're a bunch of soccer mom lady
what could you pick oh yeah no I'm gonna
do this try to find it oh just hold on
tell your friends if they mess with us
you're gonna get this is Michael bright
have an executive protection agent I've
extracted my client clean up is required
you might want to call the bomb squad
maybe the fire department no my car I'm
afraid they'll have it be little longer
the trial continues one of the world
looks brutal tonight with a key witness
to testify I can assure you we're more
than that running so fair for that
assault Kincaid his bed
big babies everything how come I have a
job for me the ten foot is in there what
27 times that's how many times I tried
to kill me 26 28 happy safe from all who
will last one hour without it where your
husband is you lost my husband do you
have any idea how stupid you sound
if you would like the gun
you pop dime
okay hunt 3-1 I bet you're bad God has
killed over 150 people don't fifty easy
[Music]
zoom in just don't say it I gotta let
you go
[Music]
you were just fired eyes let go for
liability reasons involved in insurance
the one-armed Boston doc I'm on your
solo spec Charlotte Motor Speedway I
know how they move the money
oh my god knows anything about blowing
up real bank boxes Joe bang em in car
sir ready and you know we got a plan the
kitchen where coca-cola 600 the biggest
race of the year
we need to computer with I know that
thing there's no about computers okay
all the Twitter's I know
welcome to the coca-cola 600 how many
boards away the ball forty yards are on
thirty thirty is it twenty or is it
thirty we are dealing with science here
[Music]
they're gonna know what we want them to
know my life of crime is over
[Music]
that is massively stupid it's been
handled all this in because that looks
like it hurts
[Music]
I want everything undoing I'm about gets
naked no baby
I said no bacon
[Applause]
you moment must be a simple not as
people say they will say that what
you're giving my arm please
did this one anyone else like to share
how about you in the back of the glasses
sir my name is Bobby and I am an addict
you know you folks aren't here because
you're gamblers you are here because you
are terrible gambler Bobby these folks
don't need to stop doing what they're
doing they just need to get better at it
who's they I like to please who's in
command your a capella change Bobby
Riggs a great idea
male someone is big vs. hairy like
feminist your self-governance right I'm
a tennis player fantasy woman go right
by the way I shaved my legs Billie Jean
King already a champion of women's
rights as now the most successful female
player of all time I am NOT saying that
women don't belong on the court who
would figure out the balls otherwise oh
my god is it a single thing I don't hate
it by stabbing Riggs you know what I'm
doing I'm cooking I'm cooking I won the
triple of Wimbledon I could be Billie
Jean King yes
now call Bobby Compton Lacey wait
don't get me wrong I love women in the
bedroom and in the kitchen he's not a
Bobby Moore not does he spell the words
gonna be when you lose a I can really
change ladies and gentlemen I'll report
to Carol back a children Bobby
this'll take that action
this sporty name at the very topics
demands world so we want a little bit
what you've got bacon forty million
people are watching the battle you've
all been waiting their stage and pocket
for look at this poor guy we're not
picking up a hitchhiker he could very
easily be a serial killer and I don't
want to be late to mom's wedding hey
fellas we got a nervous Nellie here so
this is going to sound like a funny
question but are you a serial killer I
am NOT a serial killer
you just emphasize the word serial
you're still not saying I promise I'm
not a killer we'll give you a ride but
those aren't too tight are they almost
kill you can't kill you
I probably should have told you long ago
I made up all those stories about your
father okay what but he died of colon
cancer I'm not sure who your father was
I spent my whole life trying to honor
his memory this means like beared
[ __ ] for a living because of a
fictional man colon cancer could you
give it into plastic surgery or
something less but related he's out
there
yeah like that let's do it mom actually
dated Carrie Bradshaw do you remember a
woman named Helen Baxter talk about a
blast from the past
she had the tightest ass you've ever
faked and a set of knockers
Oh damn near cost us a Super Bowl who's
Rowland hunt you guys are living
Baxter's kids so what are you doing here
we think we're your sons Oh
jackasses arrived yet they look like a
couple of big head he runs hot just like
you
and sensitive has an awful day who was
that it was a person and yet an amazing
day are you ready
[Music]
[Applause]
why don't you just drop it's delicious
who your father is or do you think it's
totally irrelevant we almost got to we
just have on the best adventures of art
Locker all we did guys money bro spider
senses are tingling
wow that's all day does the name Helen
back through ringabel
who knows more than ringing Bell Oh Ron
woman was like a stick whisperer
what makes you think about Helen Baxter
she's our mom all we did was cut okay
before we go we got to do human friends
but yeah what is a human friend paid
it's a photo we always take that's like
the movie Human Centipede where they're
sewn together mouth to anus but it's
with friends so it's special
I get the middle oh how do you want the
middle this is it your Bachelorette
weekend you've been dreaming about the
settlement it's the first day of
freshman year we're going to be swimming
and big girl they just like cook from
The busboy why so everyone that doesn't
know no I was kind of hoping that we can
make it an early meat this doesn't feel
right yeah I don't think so baby girl
[Music]
[Applause]
now put on a [ __ ] fashion my god I'm
so hot baby got you so now you got too
much makeup not can be where your face
stripper male or female doubt ma'am I
think male for her fine I can feel
special oh no no no no you gon do what
someone do I know you get the picture
well new one you're totally [ __ ] take
my picture there was this guy in
Australia who cooked his girlfriend and
ate her no I can't because I am vegan by
me
[Music]
this will be the best weekend of our
parking lot I probably had HPV now
whenever we all have each baby I don't
have HPV if you had sex off to be in
1991 than you do have HPV oh then I have
like a [ __ ] ton of HPV quantum
consummate okay
[Music]
Heavenly Father thank you for this day
life my heart is all full of joy for
these women right here lord please make
sure that Lisa don't get an STD and that
nobody has kidney tell you if we're
gonna get messed up and let me get
pregnant by somebody rich that's my
laughs Amy we haven't hung in five years
and yes you guys we need a girls trip
that's what car not anymore baby what is
just without the titties you know okay
Athens I'll take a 2d floor bike ride
you sure you want to get turned this
weekend with your girl they say this out
of love
preschool if you were going to come
along with our prince refrain from
saying things like preach or go girl or
any other colloquialisms that you may
have looked up on urban dictionary
laughs look uh this weekend is about us
we deserve this
so let's go
- Pete look the line is short over there
there's a long line in the bathroom here
just go boy
[Music]
I've known about this for a few months
now that's in the past
especially was taken last night you need
to go clean ain't nothing you need to
say to her that you can say in front
above beg my pardon just paddle in a
ball today is the last day that we will
ever be this young I have not had this
much fun in so long
wait I got what you need right here this
is 200 year old after you drink too much
of it it will how you hallucinate come
on give me Josh you know I got some
bomb-ass cush if you want to take it yet
we need you hat with a friend don't
shine
you know what second comes a lot of
infection here you can y'know infection
in your booty ho if abuja just find the
place we having the sex again yeah I'm
just not that kind of girl I only have
just once on the first date I'm just
gonna call over it traveled the race to
the de patatas have watch her learn by
plus I've been telling you something
right I've been dating this girl she's
white a white guy you guys look like you
and yell white girls okay we hate Aris
oh and all that could be I'm getting a
too young single Pakistani woman
this is goo Breda for your science your
exile that's your favorite show Hannah
the truth is out there
are you judging pocket daughter's next
top model you know how we have arranged
marriage in my culture I do good can you
imagine a world in which we end up I'm
looking for Emily Gardner she was
checked in tonight there's an infection
we put her in a medically induced coma
coma you should call him
thank you come on we're gonna handle
things from here I think I'm just gonna
wait anyway broke up I'm not sure why
you're here it's just there for a second
it's this seat
[Music]
is that lady still looking at me so 911
I've always wanted to have a
conversation with people you've never
talked to people about 911 do anything
on collar games now hit play you can't
run it you try to plan it word that
nobody can run okay and that Allen henge
and so you would one
[Music]
but you get screwed up with your
daughter yeah
[Music]
let me give you some advice come out
rather than easy
that's why they call it love
I don't get to get to him I thought I
could just start saying something
something small we come out
[Music]
d